[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
The battle between
Goku and Frieza
began in earnest. And a
spectacular beginning it was!
You're much more
resilient than the others.
And you're dangerously
close to making me angry.
That makes two of us.
[laughing]
It appears we've finally found
something we can agree on.
I'll warn you, the gloves
are coming off this round.
Hmmm. That's fine by me.
♪ Opening Song ♪
♪
[chuckle]
Do you prefer the
ground or the sky...?
Choose. The ball
is in your court.
My court? Heh. Well... Then
I'm going to pick ground.
Mmm.
Hmmm?
Hmmm.
Hmpf.
Hey... I'm guessing you
didn't let me choose out of
the kindness of your heart.
This your idea of being nice?
Or are you... just that cocky?
[chuckle]
Ah, when the mood strikes me
I can be quite charitable...
In fact, I feel so
generous right now
that I'm prepared to offer
another concession.
And what would that be?
Hmmmm...
I won't use my hands for
the duration... How's that?
You're kidding me. That
is pretty generous of you.
So, then... Mind if
I make the first move?
Oh, by all means.
Surprise me.
Hm.
♪
[power yell]
[chuckles]
You've caught me off
guard; I didn't expect
your attack to be so brief!
[FRIEZA laughing]
Having trouble
keeping up, are we?
[laughing]
Aarrrggghhh!
Next one will be from the left.
[FRIEZA] And now the right.
Left. Right. Left. Right.
And now...
[power yell]
Ahhh...
[heavy breathing]
[chuckles]
Okay. So he's
not just all talk;
he's got the
walk to back it up.
[chuckle] Facing an
opponent this strong,
you'd think I'd be nervous,
but I'm actually just eager
to see what else he's got.
If you're just going to stare...
I'm happy to move closer!
♪
[GOKU] Ugh!
[FRIEZA] What?!
[GOKU yeling]
[GOKU grunt]
[struggling]
I... can't... get loose.
[chuckle]
[GOKU struggling]
[FRIEZA laughing]
[FRIEZA laughing intensifies]
[GOKU heavy breathing]
[FRIEZA shutters]
[GOKU yell]
[power yell]
[FRIEZA berathing heavy]
I thought you said
you weren't going to
use your hands, Frieza...
[chuckle]
I'm no longer in
the mood to be nice.
[GOKU] Well... I've a got a
generous streak in me, too.
That's why I'm warning you.
[FRIEZA] Warning me?
That confidence. It's
a good thing to have,
but there is such
a thing as too much.
Start getting cocky and
you start making mistakes.
How right you are.
Boy, I sure am
glad I ran into you!
This cesspool of creepy
crawlies is no place for me.
I'm a girl of
delicate sensibilities;
I can't hang out
here all by myself!
[GINYU] Ribbit-ribbit!
Uh. Oh, wait, uh...
I didn't mean you.
[BULMA] You're not creepy.
It's just, I mean, come on;
a bunch of alien
toads gang up on a girl,
you can't expect her
to roll out the red carpet.
[sigh] Ga-roddie...
[frog croak]
Hmm?
[frog talk]
You know how to treat a lady;
around here that makes you
the exception to the rule.
[animated frog talk]
Hmm?
You hungry, little guy?
Whoa... Guess
frogs on this planet
have weird appetites, huh?
Hey...
Do you want some of this?
[laugh]
Ha!
[gasp]
[GINYU enthusiastic frog talk]
[BULMA laughing]
I haven't laughed this much
since before we landed.
I can't believe that
I'm asking you this,
but do you
understand me? Really?
[gasp]
Of course! If I built a
mini-translator, then I could
understand you!
Bulma, you are a genius!
[BULMA] Hmmm!
There we go. Not
so difficult at all.
The word "impossible"
has no place
in my extensive vocabulary.
My friend, prepare to gab!
Come on, don't be shy...
Let's give her a whirl.
[chuckle]
Ahh... Change now!
Hey, wait... What are you doing?
[scream]
[sigh and chuckle]
All apologies, my dear;
I'm afraid our little
impromptu friendship
was just a means to an end.
Who knew our luck would
take such a drastic turn?
Huh? How can I be over there
when I'm clearly right here?!
Uh. Ahhh!
What have you done to me?!
Ahhh!
My gratitude, young lady.
I'm so ecstatic I
could dance a jig...
If this form weren't totally
inappropriate for dancing.
Still... I suppose it'll do
'til I can find a stronger one.
[FRIEZA] You are strong.
Indeed, one might
even say... exceptional.
[GOKU] Thank you very much.
[FRIEZA] But I grow
weary of our standoff.
The time has come
to end it I think...
Before we do though,
permit me to ask...
What would you
say to becoming...
Well, in a word...
my underling?
I'd really hate to waste
so talented a combatant.
Not to mention, I'm in need
of a suitable replacement
for Captain Ginyu.
Am I being offered a job?
Wow. Says a lot about you
that you think I'd go for that.
A predictable response.
The Saiyans are
such a prideful race.
Heh. Which is to say, foolish.
Sadly, only one outcome
remains for you then...
Your death.
Oh yeah? Well...
Let's just say I disagree.
[FRIEZA chuckle]
What was that you were
saying earlier about confidence?
Don't think I'm not
wise to your little tricks.
You'd like me to believe you're
lashing out at full steam,
but you and I both
know we haven't seen
the limits of your
strength just yet.
Hmph... Good call.
Bearing that fact in mind,
I still have quite
a bit of leeway.
Yes, my friend. Quite.
Fifty percent of my power,
but a paltry half...
a half... should suffice to
grind you into space dust.
Huh?
Oh, really. Fifty percent, huh?
Sounds like a bluff to me.
It's been fun.
You've given me a
very bracing workout.
Part of me might
even shed a tear.
[GOKU grunt]
What's going on? Why are
they just standing there
staring at each
other like that?
They're both waiting
on the right moment
to make their next move.
I have to admit, even
from here the force of their
combined strength is
almost more than I can bear.
Dad's still gonna beat
this guy though, isn't he?
There's no way
of telling who will win.
[gasp]
The only thing I can
say for sure is that
their power's beyond
our comprehension.
That's no lie.
[GINYU] Yahoo!
[laughing]
Ginyu is back baby!
[BULMA] This is totally not
fair! Even inner beauty as
dazzling as mine can't shine
through an amphibian!
[BULMA] Well, whoever you are,
you're not going
to get away with this!
[frog screams]
Ah! Get off me! I
can't see to drive! Ahhh!
[BULMA] Give me back the body
my personality deserves!
[ALL] Huh?
[GINYU] Ahhh!
[GINYU] Wah!
♪
Hm. A perfect ten!
[KRILLIN] Bulma, what? Why
are you here? You have any idea
how bad this place
is for your health?!
[chuckle]
Bulma?
Huh? Who's that?
Goku and Frieza
are having it out.
Really?!
[KRILLIN] Hold on! Don't
just waltz over there!
Lord Frieza's in his
ultimate form?! [chuckling]
My, my... Such a shame.
A tragedy, really.
If you were my minion
you'd of seen so many things.
Hmph.
[FRIEZA] Vegeta.
His father, the King...
That decidedly low-class warrior
who called himself Bardock.
All of the them head strong.
All of them deaf to reason.
[FRIEZA] And all of them dead.
[GINYU] Oh, Magnificent!
Frieza's body is spontaneously
reacting to
the Saiyan's power!
[GINYU] Awesome!
Bulma...
[frog ribbits]
[BULMA] Don't fall for the
charade! My looks have been
hijacked by some body-swapping
frog-monster thing!
[ribbits]
[GINYU] Ah! Outstanding!
I get it now...! Ha!
[BULMA] That's right;
put it together...
You're that Ginyu guy, right?
It's beyond dangerous out
here right now, little guy...
I'd find a good sturdy rock
to crawl under if I were you.
[BULMA] No! You've
got it all wrong!
[FRIEZA] Fifty percent of my
power, but a paltry half...
a half.. should suffice to
grind you into space dust.
Wow... Okay...
Maybe he's not bluffing.
Mmm.
[gasp]
[GOKU] That speed was insane!
He moved so fast, I
couldn't even see it.
Huh?
[chuckle]
[GOKU] Ahhh!
[FRIEZA yell]
[FRIEZA chuckling]
[chuckle]
[GOKU struggling]
[GOKU] Not a hint of
movement then, either.
[GOKU] Can there be
that big a gap between
his strength and mine?
I did warn you... And that
was only at half; though now
I'm starting to question whether
or not I ought to have even
bothered with that much...
How anticlimactic.
[GOKU] Not good...
[GOKU] Ah!
Aaahhhh!
[FRIEZA] Don't
embarrass yourself!
[FRIEZA] Very well!
Ahhh!
Dear me... Never mind half
my power right now. Believe it
or not, I'm barely even
using a third of it!
[FRIEZA yell]
[FRIEZA chuckle] I told you!
[GOKU heavy breathing]
Feeling a bit winded
yet, by chance?
I must say, it's rather a
miracle you're standing.
[heavy breathing]
[KING KAI] Ooooh!
This is hopeless!
He's just too strong!
Goku's still got a few
cards left to play, doesn't he?
He's wearing weighted
training clothes.
[KING KAI] Mmm. Mh-mh.
The outfit he's wearing right
now isn't all that heavy,
it's just well made.
Please tell me you're joking.
[CHIAOTZU] But..
that means Goku will be...
[KING KAI sigh]
Aghhhh!
Goku!
[TIEN] It's okay, Chiaotzu...
He'll win. Just you watch.
Don't forget,
Goku still has the
Kaio-ken technique
going for him out there.
He can stand ten times
his own maximum power.
He's nowhere near
tapped out yet.
Hey, yeah!
Yay!
[YAMCHA laughing]
[BOTH laughing]
[KING KAI]
I'm sorry...
Hmmm.
[KING KAI] Much as I'd
like for that to be true,
I'm afraid Goku already used
the times ten Kaio-ken.
This is bad. The gap between
their strength is widening.
It can't be!
[GINYU laughing]
Bulma? What--?
[GINYU] Ahhh...
His lordship, Frieza,
does not disappoint. [chuckle]
Victory is his!
Hey... Enough of
this! Who are you?!
Capt--
[chuckle]
[GINYU] Ah! Ah!
Ahhh!
[chuckle]
Look out! Piccolo!
[NARRATOR] King Kai's
take on the situation
paints a very bleak
picture for our heroes.
As if the stark reality
of Goku's chances
against Frieza
weren't bad enough,
what defense does Piccolo have
when faced with Captain
Ginyu's sinister signature move?
The battle continues,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey! It's me, Goku!
I've got to be honest;
if this isn't even half of
what Frieza's capable of,
I'm in serious trouble...
[FRIEZA] This is no time
to reassess your limitations.
Hurry up and come at
me with all you've got.
[GOKU] I don't have a
choice. I have to risk it.
Please let him be bluffing!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
You can beat him, Dad!